[Autogenerated] when someone talks about multiple providers,
it could have more than one meaning when it comes to terra form,
they could be talking about a situation where you have more than one provider
in your configuration that are different distinct providers.
For instance,
you might have the A W s provider in your configuration
and a kubernetes provider in your configuration because
you want to manage both aspects.
It could also mean that you have multiple instances of the
same provider and that is the case that we're gonna be
talking about when it comes to AWS.
Let's take a look at one scenario that would call
for multiple instances of the A.
W s provider.
Now you'll remember at Globomantics we are setting up VPC s
for development and now we're also going to set up some VP CSS
for production and we want to V.
P.
C s in two different regions to handle production workloads.
The first is going to be in the US East one region and there are going to be
two availability zones with the VPC stretched across those availability
zones with two public sub nets and to database sub nets were going to do the
exact same thing over in us West one.
We're going to take those two availability zones plopped down our VPC and
then plopped down our public and database sub nets.
So that is the goal of the deployment.
Now, how do we go about specifying multiple AWS providers in our configuration?
I'm glad you asked. Let's take a look at a code example.